check this out if I type in 5 + 5 / 5 on
my phone it tells me the answer is 6 if
I do that exact same calculation on an
actual calculator 5 + 5 / 5 tells me
that it's 2 so how on Earth is that
possible and which one of them is wrong
well when you use a more typical
calculator like this the operations are
performed from left to right regardless
of what you're actually doing so it'll
start with the first part of that sum so
it will do the 5 + 5 to get you a 10 and
then it will do the second part of that
sum which is divided by 5 so 10 ID 5
gives you 2 your phone calculator though
instead follows the order of operations
known as bodmas which basically means
that all the divisions and the
multiplications have to happen before
all the additions and the subtractions
so when I do 5 + 5 / 5 it's actually
doing the 5 / 5 first which gives you a
one and then it's plus the five onto
that one which gives you the six and
because bod mass is generally considered
to be the correct way of Performing
these calculations in the Battle of
phone versus calculator phone wins